Ye Lianhan, what he said is true
You are married
Sister-in-law, didn't you divorce my brother for only one day?
Thank you for not cherishing it.
Just gave me a chance
You're married?
That's right, it turns out that this young master of the Chen family is your reliance?
You still swear to accuse me of betrayal
Didn't you betray our marriage long ago?
Call me whatever you want
Today, I would like to formally introduce to you all
he
It's my Chen Bufan woman
In the future, I will be the mistress of the backyard
The mistress of the Chen family
He is the boss of the Chen Group
It doesn't matter if you like him or not.
But you need to know
He is my heart
You move him more seriously than you move me
If it makes him unhappy
I'll make your whole family unhappy
Did you hear that?
Chen Bufan, don't you take our Xia family seriously?
You know why your Xia family is related to me
You know what your Xia family did back then
And you need me in front of so many people
You say you
General Xia
This village woman
Not only can Mr. Xue accompany him to act tough
And let Mr. Chen get the certificate with him
It seems that he has a lot of skills in seducing men
Miss Fangfang really opened my eyes
To seduce men
Who is the real expert?
I told you before.
Ye Linghan is my new traitor
You can't tell
Can't deliver
Chen Bufan, you and I are engaged to be married
You insulted me one after another because of a village woman
Do you dare to fight